Feat: Use `renv.lock` `R` Version in CI (#363)
Appsilon/rhino: NEWS.md

* Added a `NEWS.md` file to track changes to the package.
* Added a `paths` argument to `lint_r()`.
* Prevent `init()` in home directory.
* Included `build_js()` and `build_sass()` in template CI.

> * Changed CI `R_VERSION` to `renv.lock` `R_VERSION`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Use R version from the lockfile in CI.
```
